chore: Link to tailscale docs for custom dockerfile (#2896)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/integrations/tailscale.md

```Dockerfile
USER root

> # Also install jq (if not done already). Needed for the .gitpod.yml tasks below.

Reviewer: minor fix & a new line b/w comment & code

```suggestion
# Install jq (if not done already). Required for the .gitpod.yml tasks below.

```
